== README

* Ruby version 

   Currently its using Ruby version 2.1
   Current Rails version is Rails 4.0.2
   See the <tt>Resources</tt> file for detailed information.

* System dependencies

	 RVM should be installed
	 Rails Gem is required

* Configuration
	Use the following commands to configure rails in your system:

	 sudo apt-get install ruby

	 sudo apt-get install rubygems

	 sudo gem install rubygems-update

	 sudo update_rubygems

	 sudo gem install webrick

	 sudo gem install mysql2

	 sudo gem install rails
	 
	 sudo apt-get update ; sudo apt-get install curl -y

		\curl -L https://get.rvm.io | bash -s stable
		echo 'source ~/.rvm/scripts/rvm' >> ~/.bash_aliases && source ~/.bash_aliases
		rvm requirements

		sudo apt-get --no-install-recommends install build-essential openssl libreadline6 libreadline6-dev curl git-core zlib1g zlib1g-dev libssl-dev libyaml-dev libsqlite3-dev sqlite3 libxml2-dev libxslt-dev autoconf libc6-dev libgdbm-dev ncurses-dev automake libtool bison subversion pkg-config libffi-dev -y

		rvm get head
		rvm reload
		rvm install ruby-2.1.1
		rvm use ruby-2.1.1 --default
		rvm rubygems current
		gem install rails

		Or You can use this following link to succesfully install rails gem
		Install ruby and rails with rvm -> 

		https://www.digitalocean.com/community/articles/how-to-install-ruby-on-rails-on-ubuntu-12-04-lts-precise-pangolin-with-rvm

	use this to run rvm source in server:
	source $rvm_path/scripts/rvm\

* Database creation
	For database initialization use rake db:setub
	 It will creat db , migrate it and seed it if any seed file is there.

* Database initialization
	 use rake db:migrate to run migations and use rake db:seed to seed the db.

* How to run the test suite

		To run the rake suite use "rake jasmine". It will automatically be running on port no 8888. We can config different port no from jasmine_helper.rb file.

* Services (job queues, cache servers, search engines, etc.)

* Deployment instructions
	
		For deployment use Capistrano with Passenger

		Install rails with passenger: ->
		https://www.digitalocean.com/community/articles/how-to-install-rails-apache-and-mysql-on-ubuntu-with-passenger

		Add swap sapce:
		https://www.digitalocean.com/community/articles/how-to-add-swap-on-ubuntu-12-04

	 More  structure information can be gathered about project is from <tt>doc</tt> directory in your app root directory.
	Or can use <tt>rake doc:app</tt> to create one.
		Author:
			Shubham
